So let's go to Mayne's here says let's open the main thesis and are here you can see that we have the
body.
Now what I'm going to do here I'm going to create a comment and then I'm going to say that this is going
to be a light blue light blue.
And this is going to be discovered that we're mostly going to be using.
So this or is going to be to be going right.
This is going to be 9 8 and we're going to have 0 3.
So now when we have this color right just because it's easier for us to actually remember this one right.
And then we don't need to look for it.
If we ever let's say fun forget it or something like that.
Right.
And then the first thing that we're going to do is we're going to select all the elements here and this.
So now we're selecting all the elements and we're going to say for all of them we're going to have a
padding zero then on here we're going to have a margin zero.
And I can see that all the default margins are gone.
Then after that we're going to see a box sizing box over here and we're going to say board box.
Basically what this means is then as we're changing something actually the value on the outside of our
box right of mine is not going to change it's going to go anywhere.
So basically if we change anything with an element it's not going to affect or lay out the actual element
it's just going to change.
Then after that once we have a body here for the whole body we're going to give it a little bit background.
So we're going to see the background and the backgrounds are going to be hash tag.
I have five five and they're fine.
So you could see that this is going to be grayish color.
All right so if we go back to get it you can see this is going to be a local color and with RGV this
is going to be 2:45 here.
Right.
And if you remember that we when we were working actually with a R.G. right 2:55 was the max that was
the white one.
So you can see that it's almost white but it's still gray.
So here now that we have a color and actually switch back to the right.
Not that there is any reason for it but I just like the hex values better.
And after that we would want actually right away set up this flex thing.
Right.
So what we would want to do is actually have a nav bar to be all the way down the top.
However the rest of the space we would want Actually this banner.
And let me show you what I mean by that.
So here first thing that I'm going to say for the whole there.
Right so now I'm talking about all these elements in here.
We're in the header right.
You can see it over here actually in an index right.
So you can see this is going to be the header.
This is going to be our name named main guy.
Right.
This is going to be harder.
So I'm going to go here.
We're going to say for the Henare we would want a display with a Cephalexin we're here.
I'm going to say a flex direction and I'm going to say call right and I can see that they go back over
here to original size then over here we're going to say that we would want a mean height for Heather
to be you know what we would want.
Hey hundred you worked on here like this.
And then after that we have actually two things right.
First we have the novel here so we're going to say now.
And we're going to say that.
It's going to have a flex in this zero zero nada.
Basically what we're saying is we don't want it to grow.
We don't want to actually for it to shrink more here right.
And the set up is going to be R-OH wherever we are.
However restyled This is how it's going to be.
However over here for the banner we're going to say banner we're here and here we're going to write.
This is going to be flex on here.
And this guy we want actually we would want it to grow then we would want zero here.
Right so we wouldn't want it to shrink.
And then over here again we're going to say our.
And you can see what is going to happen is as we're actually changing these values right.
You can see that they're going to change now to actually test it out whether this actually worked.
Let's go ahead and get a background on here we're going to say background blue moon here.
Right.
This is going to be here now.
And over here we're going to say that this is going to be let's say a background and we're going to
see red.
All right.
So you can see what happens right.
This guy is going to be whatever we made it out to be.
Here you can see the difference right.
There's number one.
Basically what happens if I change to 0 0 it doesn't grow.
I changed it back to what it actually grows.
And you can see that the whole thing is going to be actual hundred percent right 100 percent of the
view right now.
We can leave these ones over here for now I'll be working with them.
We can see what's happening.
Or we can just get rid of them right.
We understood the idea what's happening so you can just delete them.
Right.
And because we are going to be placing obviously for the banner there's going to be a background now
after that we are done with the knife and the banner we have set them up.
Now would start working on here with this on our list.
So I'm going to say have an on our list or here and we're going to say this is going to be a list style
type.
None.
And now we can see those annoying dots.
But however because we had a margin carrying 2 0.
But in general if we wouldn't want to go over those dots once we create an our list so list of type
is basically going to really get rid of those dots.
Then after that we would want to target these actual links here.
So what we're going to say or hear is we're going to say have you well and lie any more here.
And the first thing that we would want is this play and we're going to say block the reason why displaying
them blocked because they would be all the way right.
So whenever we're actually hovering around the whole screen is going to be one link.
And this is obviously going to be for the small screen right because we're starting mobile first you
can see that with whatever we're doing on here this is going to be for the small screen and then for
the bigger screens we're actually going to add media queries and we're going to set up a little bit
differently than the next.
Well you would want is actually going to go back over here and I'm going to say for the caller and or
here we're going to use that balloon.
So I'm going to say this is going to be to be one here and this is going to be 9:08 this is going to
be EF 0 here.
You can see that we're getting this light blue color.
Then after that we're going to have a background and the background actually is going to be transparent
on here.
So this is going to leave it the way it is for actual background whatever we have for a parent.
And then after that we're going to have a text and we're going to see text decoration.
None.
In order to get those on the lines then we're going to have a padding and pixels.
Right so you can see that we're adding padding all around.
Right.
All of the pixels.
And then we're going to have font size and that's going to be 20 pixels when you're doing this.
Then after that we would want to have a transition and the transition we would want is once we are going
to have actually set up the button for here right.
Once we actually press the button this is going to disappear.
Right.
And appear again and therefore writing transition.
So here what we can do is say here we can actually create the comment right.
So for now it actually doesn't mess up what we're doing.
So I'm going to say transitional here and then I'm going to say this is going to be color 1 second is
right because I want to go over them once we're actually working with them and I'm going to say background
no.
And also I'm going to say one second is and then we're going to have padding.
And this is also going to be one second ease more you're doing this right.
And we come in this way now.
So that's why it's not affecting and then often that we would want to set up actual rules.
Right.
And what I'm saying here that as I'm transitioning these properties should be affected.
And now I'm going to set up the actual transition.
So I'm going to say have you.
Well hi we're here and I'm going to say and I'm going to say hover right so I'm going to say how were
you doing this.
And then we're going to say this is going to be color and this is going to be a five EF 5 EF 5 or this
and we're going to say parding and we're going to say padding left here and we're going to say this
is going to be padding left of 60 pixels or here and then we're going to have a background and the background
is going to be we're here hash tag to be here 9 8 and we're going to say this is going to be EF 0.
Right.
So we say this now we can go back let's say in on here and comment this one right.
And let's see what happens.
Right.
So we say this one we're here in our main see is this.
And let's see what happens.
Right.
So what's happening as I'm hovering already you can see the three things are changing.
My background my color and my padding on here like this and the way it works is that on here you can
see that I am saying transition then or here I need to write what is going to be transitioned properly
Vienneau I'm going to say how long the transition is going to take this is how it would happen.
Right.
So there's going to be easier or easier now.
So I'm going to mostly I was going to settle with these because I'm just finding that that's the easiest
especially for these examples.
And then after that we have a delay if we want to if we will write another value.
Right.
So I'm going to say let's in one second and this would be delayed but we're not going used to do X for
now so I can just say this when or where and when we're working with transitions.
The key word here is that we need to write the properties are here and then on here we would want to
write the actual properties that would change right.
So if the colors is going to be changing the padding is going to be hard here changing and the background
right here if we had these three properties over here then we also also going to write these three properties
here and then start actually working on here with this guy.
And with this coating or here we're are going to say all here that we would want a Nav. top so we're
going to say hash tag we have top and then we're going to say we would want this display and then this
same display flex or here like this.
Then after that we would want actually a justified content and we're going to say space between all
this.
And then after that we're going to have a party for this.
Now we're going to say padding and this is going to be 20 pixels by 20 pixels by 20 pixels by 10 pixels.
Were here like this.
So this is going to be set up then we're going to start working with this coding thing.
So we're going to say over here that this is going to be a Nav. Top going to say having three on healing
this letter we're going to say font size 30 pixels.
Then after that this is going to be a padding is going to be five pixels and over here and this is going
to be a color and we're going to use the same color so I'm going to go back over here and we're going
to copy and paste this color know this now that we have the color let's do a border and we're going
to say that you know what this is Mr. Palmer.
So what I would want to do is actually cut this here copy and paste it over here back.
And again let's make more room here so you can see better now that we have a heading three color.
Then after that we would want a border and we're going to say all three pixels are here solid and we're
going to leave it the way it is and you can see here with the color right.
We're getting right away this kind of bore.
So obviously food right over here red would be different.
But since we're leaving the way the actual color is right so this is how it's going to be.
And then after that we would want again a transition.
So we're going to see a transition and are all going to say color when you say two seconds he's here
they're all going to have a background also change.
So we're going to say background.
We're going to say two seconds.
He's not going to do a hovering effect so I'm going to say that can have up and we're going to say heading
three however and adding three however and what should happen.
Background first of all should it happen not an attachment but a background.
So what are going to say again that we will going to flip them around so we're going to say a caller
over here call and hash tag on here 5 5 5 and then on here this is going to be the Magro.
So basically what's going to happen is going to flip them around.
So here we're going to grab this cooler get a copy and copy paste is right and then we're going to place
a.
Right.
And you can see what we have.
We have a knot of top end in three of her right to see what's happening right.
So as I'm hovering over this thing right you can see that the color is changing.
If this one was white now it's actually turning that now it's actually time to create this menu button
on here.
And then we're going to make much more sense of what we did over here.
Right when we had to display flex and just fat content space between.
So we're going to say that for the menu button menu and I'm going to say between this and the menu button
button we're going to have a padding.
Five pixels.
All right.
And you can see that we're starting working on here.
Then after that we're going to have a border we're going to see border and this is going to be two pixels
solid solid.
We're here and we're going to say this is going to be a good hashtag to be here.
Nine Eight an EF 0 miss.
Then after that we're going to have a cursor and we're going to see a pointer.
So as we were hovering over this is actually going to change right so you can see or hear becomes a
pointer.
And then after that we're going to have a line self and that's going to be Center.
And again this is going to be for a few Xmarks because obviously there's going to be a difference of
how actually they look because of what is the content for these guys over here.
Right.
Because both of them right now are on fluxbox.
So I'm going to see or hear a line self say Center here like this.
Then off to now we need to work with those actually bars.
Right so we need to create.
So here I'm going to say this is going to be bar one.
And then I'm place a comma and all three classes bar to one here.
And last one is going to be bar one here three and we're all going to say over here that we would want
them to have a height of five pixels or we would want a with of 35 pixels on here.
Then we want a background color green car.
And again we're going to use the blue ones are going to to be here nine ain't an EF 0 here.
And the last thing is going to be margin 5 pixels zero like this.
And then we're going to say that we would want a transition and transition should be one second.
So to say transition but we're going to see or hear transform.
And this is going to be one second long or it is more like this.
So now let's go over what we actually did.
All right.
So you see this now top.
Right now we're selecting the whole thing.
You can see over here that I have this play and this is flex.
Right now I'm sitting in a flex box.
Right so now there are actually side by side.
Right.
And then we have a space in between.
So that pushes them all the way away from each other.
Right now we just need some padding all around.
All right.
So this would be the set up for the small screen.
Now after that you can see this one line self center and so it's doing this and you can see that it
actually things move up a little bit right.
So as I like to hear center there actually this button is centered regarding this or here text.
Right.
So therefore we're choosing this online self center and now we're done with this.
We actually have a few things that actually work.
Now what I'm what do I mean by the end right.
So what I'm going to say here now I would want to actually set up that once I press the button and this
actually all disappears.
So let's go ahead and let's actually start working on it.
So the first thing that I would want to do is actually get a query.
So what I'm going to do here I'm going to go to Google and I'm going to say that this will be Jake worry
here and this is going to be Google CD and CD and here.
Then you can see that this is going to be Google hosted libraries.
So we're going to pick this guy over here and we're going to find where it is.
Right.
So we're going to grab the script here.
This is going to be Jay Querrey and the reason why we're picking Jake we're here because this is pretty
much going to be a few lines of code and we're going to have a responsive nav bar.
So we're going to go back over here and we need to go back to in Exige the amount and or all the way
in the bottom we're going to say this is going to be coming out and this is going to be J.
Where are you going to do is copy and paste this.
And over here we're going to say this is going to be script.
Yes.
So now we have a script tags and there's going to be source within the source right now we need to create
a script.
Yes.
So we're going to see a new file like this and we're going to have a script.
So it's a script.
Yes.
Right.
So now I can see that they are actually linked and they are working now in order to test whether this
is working or you need to write a jack where you function and don't worry if you don't know Jake Weary
or if you haven't worked with Jake where the only thing you need to really do is just actually type
this or you can just copy pasted from your source files.
So I'm going to say document document here to really function.
So I'm going to saying if the document ready something should happen.
No real going to say a function no.
Here we're going to write what should happen right.
So I can just say every simple word and I just say hello world just to see whether it's working.
If we're fresh you can see that now we're going to have a hello world so everything is working.
Again don't worry if you don't worry you can just copy and paste of what we're actually doing.
So what we're saying here is that we would want our query to run only when the document is loaded.
So then here we're going to have a dollar sign.
And within the dollars then we're going to say this is going to be a menu here.
Hash tag menu BT end on here and we're going to say click on here and here we're going to write a function
and the function is going to be change and I'm going to say that now once we have this function now
we actually need to write the function.
So here I'm going to say this is going to be a function change.
I have more here and then we're going to have parentheses and curly braces and or here we're going to
say that we would want to select on this guy so we would want to select the links on here like this
and hash tag links and then we're going to say that this would be a function toggle here and we're going
to say two seconds because two thousand milliseconds actually stand for a few seconds.
And basically this line of code was the only reason why we don't.
Right.
Because this is actually very fast.
We can just add this method over here of toggle.
And now once I'm going to click the button you can see what's going to happen.
So I'm going to say this group J.S. and it's great.
So they're all here next.
And let's check it out.
Right.
And you can see what happens right now every time I press the button.
I actually have a responsive nav bar mate meaning that I can click over here and my links appear and
are here to disappear.
And now the last thing that I would want to actually do is I would want where these bars are changing.
So we're going to go back to Maine she says this.
And what we're going to say is we're going to add a few more classes and the class is going to be turned.
So I'm going to say we're here and this is going to be turned right so this is going to be the class
name and I'm going to say for the bar one what should happen.
No.
You can see that we had a transition right transform right and on here we were going right.
This is going to be transformed.
And the value from transform is going to be rotate and we're going to say negative here negative.
And this is going to be negative 45 degrees negative forty five degrees then we're going to say translate.
So and this is going to be negative 7 pixels here 6 pixels.
Right.
And again we can go back over here and once we're done then it's actually easier to show you what's
happening because we can change the values and you can see what is going to happen right then all of
this is going to be turn.
And this is going to be class bar to all like this.
And for this one I was going to say opacity and we're going to say zero.
Right.
So the middle one actually is going to disappear.
And then after another we're going to have a turn around and this is going to be bar three right.
So one by one we have bar one or two or three here and we're going to have is transform and again we're
going to have the same values but we're going to change them around.
Right.
So you say your copy is going to be copy paste this is actually going to be all going to say this is
going to be 45 degrees not negative.
And over here we're going to say negative seven and negative eight.
So here like this will have a negative rate.
So let's say this.
And the last thing that we would want to do is actually add this in our Jacqui.
All right so again once we click the button that the bar should change around and I'm going to say dollar
sign and then I'm going to say this is going to be a hash tag menu Betty and.
Right.
So for the whole button.
So now I'm not saying that I'm targeting the length and targeting the actual button and I'm going to
say toggle class and or here we're going to write a class.
So I'm going to say we're here and we're here like this.
So once we say this here you can see what's happening with these bars right.
So first my links are disappearing and appearing right click on here.
But look what happens with the bars right.
So we have all here this cross and it goes back to normal bars and again now we can go back over here
and actually have a look what's happening right.
So this is going to rotate the bar.
And this is actually going to move it.
Right so here let's change the values and let's say here and this is going to be 65 degrees.
Right.
And let's say this is going to be 10.
And this is actually the easiest way how you can work with this right because then you can see where
you're actually going.
So we say this.
There are few things happening.
First of all we can see that this line is much bigger over here right.
And also the actual bottom right because this is the value or here right.
So here I can have a 20 pixel's 30 pixels right.
You can see we're actually moving on here if we change these values.
Right.
Also you can see where you are actually moving this bar right.
So this is how we can actually find out what is actually happening.
Exactly right.
So here with this one we're just turning it right over here we're actually moving it around the actual
candidates right.
So here what I'm going to go back and then I'll go back to our values and that was 45 degrees negative
45 here and we're going to say negative seven pixels on this and then we're going to have a 6 pixels
on here.
That's right.
Man what we would want to do right now is actually go ahead and add a few x values for when we're actually
making our screen bigger.
Right.
Because again this was for a small screen.
So let's go ahead and let's add some rules then as we're changing the value of our screen size actually
our neighbors are responding differently because for now the only thing we have done is create an NAV
bar and we added some functionality.